Changelog   herbert comments (#1)
nokia/camaraproject-ReleaseManagement: documentation/CHANGELOG_TEMPLATE.md

### Removed

> <!--In case of a release with multiple APIs: repease the above section (level 2 and 3 headers) to hold the changes for each API version in this release-->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--In case of a repository with multiple APIs: repeat the above section (level 2 and 3 headers) to hold the changes for each API version in this release, also mention if an API within the repository is unchanged-->
```

Author: Update as follows: add an annotation "- unchanged" in the API list, and then add sections for the APIs that have changed.
